## Borrador discusion 
Summary:
Nazareno Fioretti, the sender of the letter, has a meeting with the devteams leaders: Mariano Santi and Mauro Garzia. He presents himself and the problem, asks for ideas, seeking feedback to solve the technical issue that represents the creation of this antivirus. Mauro gave the first idea, it was making the antivirus by theirselfs, adding to the subject, Mariano rejected the idea saying "That's gonna be too expensive", Mauro expressed that if they leaded the devteams accordingly, maybe there was a posibility that the time, actually, was plenty. Mariano insisting on doing something else, said that the devteams lacked the discipline, on his words "They barely know how to use vim, they are not gonna have the antivirus on time". Naza added that they had to have a propper Database too, so the antivirus is able to know what has to target. Mariano, gave the second possible solution, it was making a monitoring team, that could track the uploads on real time, and could block the files that were malicious on an instant. Mauro didn't buy this solution, he liked the "delegate work" part of it, but disliked the process of asking for the executives to gave the neccesary permissions, implying that the solution "Is not compatible with the company alignments". Mariano and Mauro continued discussing, but Naza, syntetized both ideas, he expressed that they had to delegate work, and that they needed proprietary software, he ended the discussion saying "we can contract an external company". Both parties agreed.